Regarding testing,
how would you mock the open API requests?
>> Same thing.
It would be a lot more code, but
it's the same, it's the same.
Well, I guess, I mean, I guess there's
a lot of ways you can do it actually,
let me show you.
So, Vitest has so many ways to do mocking,
there's not just one way,
I just mocked out the whole module.
But because the way Ling
chain does its imports,
I guess that could be kinda weird.
So you could just mock it
out on a per function basis.
Let me see if they have
an example of that.
Not that.
Here we go.
So
you can do like a spy.mockimplementonce,
to literally look at specific functions.
You can do V dot function to mock the
implementation like a specific function
like this.
So there's a lot of ways you could do it.
I mean, you probably could just mock out
the whole module to like we did in a test
and then what you could do is
just do this part right here,
you see where I'm mocking
out the entire module.
But these are the only
methods that I'm stubbing.
So, for the open AI one, if you go to AI,
the place in which we're calling
Open AI would be model.call.
So if you look at the call that comes
from model, model comes from Open AI,
open AI comes from this path.
So you could just mock
this whole path out.
And then stub this open API to be a class
that returns something with a call method
on it that does nothing.
So like I said, it's just a lot more
code but that's how you would do it.
>> And a little bit more
generally speaking with testing,
what else in this app
would you want to test?
What would I want to test?
>> So I wouldn't be testing any of the
content on the page because I'd probably
be using a CMS and
the data would be dynamic anyway.
So I wouldn't be testing that.
I would probably test to see that
certain elements are on the page though.
Because certain elements means
certain components were loaded up.
So I would be testing that, for
instance, I might test that loading
animation spinner for
a auto save is there and not take it away.
I will test anything that has
a conditional, which is a branch.
So anything with a branch I wanna test to
make sure that we handle that conditional.
So I would try to throw different
things that inputs to see those
conditionals that can be something
like a conditional and a JSX.
That could be something like this
where the button is changing.
So I was like, okay, I'm gonna make a new
mock, make user ID there for one, test it
to make sure it's journal, and then mock
it out to where user ID is not there and
then test to see if that says new user,
right?
So I'll test each conditional like that.
Anywhere there's logic.
I'm not so
concerned about just pure rendering,
I'm only concerned if there's logic.
So like pretty much anywhere
there's like interpolating,
I will be like looking in here.
So I'll test that.
I'll test like if there's
like a map in here.
Anywhere there's interpolation, I'm gonna
test, everything else I'm not testing for.
Really not worth it.
You don't wanna go out and
just like, alright,
a two string equals this two string and
like see these two strings?
I mean,
I guess that's what snapshot testing is.
But yeah, I would do that.
And then obviously the easy one
is just all these utilities.
These have nothing to do it react and
just plain old JavaScript functions
that you can test, no problem.
So all these should be tested.
And then I would probably test the API
because these are also very easy to test.
They're just functions.
You can stub out everything
that's passed to them.
So this is literally just a function.
You can stub out any one of these.
It's pure node,
even a request object that came in here.
You could just pass it on yourself and
stub it out.
So I would test that, you can spy on these
next responses to see what information
they got back to make sure it's correct.
Yeah that's that's probably
everything I would test.
>> I will piggyback on that with we
just released a couple weeks ago,
an enterprise UI development course.
The context of the course is
maintaining a very large code base, but
it's covers everything testing
related to that from component to
integration to mocking and spying and
so if you're interested in just testing
in general that's another great new
course that we that we released.
>> Yep, cool any other questions?
>> Regarding responsive design you
didn't use the tailwind classes but
can you speak briefly to, how you would
approach responsive design with Halo,
is it easier to use those
classes from the beginning or
kind of stuff everything out like you have
now and then add the classes in after?
>> Yeah, I think if you're
gonna do responsive design,
you should make it mobile first.
So all the classes you use
are meant to be on mobile and
then you add classes going up.
I think if you add classes going down it's
so much harder to do that in my opinion.
>> So if I were to make this responsive
from day one, like for instance this page,
like I think some people like, okay,
I'm gonna go in here but like for
a small screen, which which is how you do
this until when, I'm gonna do this thing.
I wouldn't do it that way.
All of this CSS, all these classes
here would be for a phone by default.
And then, I'm like, okay, now for
a desktop where it's large,
then I would add like a different
width here or something.
I would change it on the way up, so
that's how I would do it if I was
gonna do it would tell when
much easier going up and
down Yep.
>> I've more ore of a general question,
when you're coming up with a project like
this, do you kinda have a process,
do you come up with the idea first and
then find the technology are you
poking around in the technology and
then the idea developed?
>> Yeah, that's a good question.
So I mean, with these technologies, so I
usually try not to teach anything that I'm
not constantly using and
super passionate about.
So it's always just on my mind about,
the thing that I'm teaching.
So with next.js and anything AI related,
that's just what I've
just been using forever.
And as far as like the idea,
it's I don't really have a process.
I think it's more like what sounds,
what do I think people would like making?
What sounds cool?
And the only thing that I try to scope
it off of is like, is it teachable?
Because there's like really a lot of
things that I can just sit up here and
just make, but
it wouldn't be a good experience for
anyone just to watch me just struggle
to Google looking up things.
So I have to make sure that it's
teachable and it's building on something.
So that's the only filter that I have.
But yeah, really?
I do have a, I guess I think about
if I really thought about it,
I there's things I tried
to stay away from.
Which are like, I try to stay away from
apps that aren't impressive unless you
have a bunch of data.
Like for instance, if I was like, let's
rebuild Twitter, that sounds cool, but
unless you have a bunch of tweets on
the page, it looks, it's pretty bad.
Or unless it's like, hey,
we're all using the same server and
we can see each other's tweets,
it's really not that fun.
It's social by nature, so if we can't
demonstrate that social aspect,
it's really not that impressive.
So I try to stay away from multiplayer
social experiences because they're not
that impressive unless
you're doing it together.
So it mostly lands on like productivity
type things because most productivity apps
are like solo where you can
just do your own thing.
Maybe it's better with people,
but you could totally do it.
You can work on Notion by yourself.
So it's usually that.
And then,
I do also tend to make sure that the app,
as far as like the features that it has,
are very simple.
And then I just expand on top of that
because I think it's those things in
between that you would need to know
as like an engineer having a job.
I think it's really cool to like,
I built this AI feature.
But you know what's better?
Is that you understand authentication and
you understand how these things
in between these features
work because every single app are gonna
have these features in between.
They're gonna have the table stakes,
right?
It doesn't matter what app you make,
your own routing, you're gonna be testing,
you're gonna need components,
you're gonna need data fetching,
you're gonna be caching.
So I like to focus on those things and
just sprinkle like features in that
aren't really unique or
that are unique to the app, but
you probably won't see in any other app
'cause it's just too unique for this.
So that's just kinda my thought process.